lw6-finale (#10967)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/database/vault/secrets-management.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {

>   id: 'vault-secrets-management',
>   title: 'Secrets Management',
>   description: 'Storing secrets, environment variables, and encryption keys.',
>   sidebar_label: 'Secrets Management',
> }
> 
> The Vault can be used to store secrets and encryption keys. It is enabled by default for all projects created after December 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: 'Secrets Management',
  description: 'Storing secrets, environment variables, and encryption keys.',
}

The Vault can be used to store secrets and encryption keys. It is enabled by default for all projects created after December 2020.

export const Page = ({ children }) => <Layout meta={meta} children={children} />

export default Page
```
